You can also track e-commerce actions and data for your mobile apps.
You can track this by using the Android SDK,
iOS SDK and also for a Firebase SDK +GTM implementation.
In fact, one of the reasons that we would opt to use Firebase SDK+ GTM,
rather than the Firebase SDK on its own,
is that Firebase Analytics,
does not support enhanced e-commerce reporting per se.
With Firebase SDK+ GTM,
we can enjoy the app lifecycle and
basic e-commerce event tracking that Firebase provides,
and still take advantage of
rich enhanced e-commerce reporting in the Google Analytics UI.
You do want to consult the developer references for mobile e-commerce tracking.
Just on the Firebase end,
Google recommends tracking the following retail commerce related events,
using the log event method.
We have add payment info,
add to cart, add to wishlist, begin checkout,
e-commerce purchase, generate a lead,
purchase refund, view item list,
and view search results.
I would definitely consult the Developer Guide in
terms of passing that information appropriately.
Keep in mind that those events can be captured as variables within the GTM environment,
and used as triggers and as dimensions and metrics,
to send that e-commerce data to GA simultaneously.